what's up real quick shots a loot crate
for an sponsor in this video because
Luke Rey you look great if you don't
know what Luke red is they basically
send you like a monthly care package
like a box with a bunch of like pop
culture random Stephanie not not even
just pop culture like pop culture nerd
culture or that are Vidya
I remember they get a box that was
steamed Futurama Black Mirror spongebob
I love all of those all of those I love
I love every single one I put the items
that you're getting aren't just like
themed items they actually get you
official license and exclusive
collectibles and more and buy more I
mean like each month they just put
something random in there which is
probably why they they like to call it a
mystery crate but your guarantees are
you're always gonna get a shirt you're
always gonna get four more items and the
value of the crate will always either be
$45 or higher so if you click the look
like just if you click if you click the
loot play ring so if you click the loot
crate link in the description and use my
code which is Caleb city of course then
you'll get 10% off for your subscription
so thanks Luke rate hello y'all although
you all look great
I'll oh you're alright now with your
time your missions complete wait wait
I'm done this is in you did it oh oh my
gosh finally are you ready for your
prize it's been nine hours yes please I
can't wait to see what I get from this
see if I can find it here oh yeah
here here you go what is that what's
that it's a stick but a really rare oh I
know what it is I'm actually like why
are you heading to me this oh yeah this
your reward it's what you get okay this
is what I get this is my gift for nine
hours of fighting villains
you know what yeah so you didn't know oh
well here
[Applause]
[Music]